Welcome, in this video, I would like to point out
one particular nuance when working with multiple remotes,
and that is how to specify a branch that exists in both remote locations.
To show this, I'm going to return to my browser; I'm currently logged in
and on the organizations version of the website repository.
I'm going to create a new branch called "shared". I'm going to base it off of develop,
by just typing the word shared in the search field for our branches; press enter.
Great, now we have a new branch called shared in the
organization's version of the "website" repository.
Now I'm going to go down to my individual version of this repository.
One way I could do that is clicking on the number of forks,
then click on members. I see that one of my forks is my personal account,
so I'm going to click on the "website" under my personal account.
Once I've arrived there, I'm going to do the same thing: type "shared".
This should create a branch called "shared" under develop.
Now, at this point, both repositories have a branch named "shared".
Now, let's return to the local version of the Git repository.
Back on my local system, I'm with in the "website" Git repository
on the "develop" branch in a clean working directory state.
If I do a "git branch -a", it shows me all the local branches
and remote branches it's currently aware of.
And I say currently aware of, because we haven't fetched
any new references that exist on the remote repositories,
so the remote references are not currently updated
to reflect the newly created branches on both repositories.
To do that, we can type "git fetch --all". Doing so, Git will see that we have
a new branch called shared in each of our remote references:
"origin/shared" and "upstream/shared".
At this point though, one thing to note is that our local repository
does not have a shared branch. Well, let's try to "checkout" shared: "git checkout shared".
In this case, however, we get an error back from Git,
saying that it could not match any files known to Git.
Now, if you don't know what's going on, you might be a little confused by this error message.
Git basically has an order of precedence, which it tries to checkout
whatever you type in to the checkout command,
in some cases, that's actual the name of a file.
That's when it doesn't match a particular branch or tag name.
And, you might be wondering, well we have shared in both "origin" and "upstream",
so it could have matched one of those; but, Git doesn’t work that way.
If we only had origin, then Git would have been smart enough to detect
that we really meant origin shared, and would have made the connection,
checked out that branch, and associated a tracking branch between
"origin/shared' and a newly created branch called "shared".
We have to use the "git checkout" command, just slightly differently
to associate "origin/shared" with a new branch.
Type "git checkout -b", which is to create a new branch
since this will be a new branch on the local repository;
space; and then the name of the branch, which we'll just call it "shared";
space; and then our starting point, which our starting point will be "origin/shared".
Once you've done that, press enter; Git responds that branch "shared" is set up to track
remote branch shared from origin, which is exactly what we wanted,
and we switched to the "shared' branch.
Since this is a tracking branch, we can simply type "git pull"
and it goes out to GitHub to make sure that we're up-to-date.